

INPUT GUIDE FOR PROGRAM NACA456                            \naca456\input.txt

The input data is all in one namelist record. One nice feature
of namelist input is that you may put comments before the actual data.
Just be sure you don't say the magic word &NACA in your comments.
The sample cases I have supplied have comments before the main data
to explain the case.

NAMELIST /NACA/ a,camber,cl,chord,cmax,dencode,leindex,name,ntable, &
  profile,toc,xmaxc,xmaxt,xorigin,yorigin,xtable

 The variables have the following meanings:
a		extent of constant loading (as fraction of chord)
                  (only applies to 6-digit camber lines )	
camber		Name of the camber line, enclosed in quotes.
                   Acceptable values are '0', '2', '3', '3R', '6' and '6A'
cl		design lift coefficient of the camber line
	              (Applies to three-digit, three-digit-reflex, 6-series and 
        	         6A-series camber lines)
chord		Model chord used for listing ordinates in dimensional units.
cmax		Maximum camber, as a fraction of chord.
dencode 	spacing of the x-array where the points are computed
			=0 if specified by user
			=1 for coarse output
			=2 for fine output
			=3 for very fine output
leindex		leading edge radius parameter
			(only applies to 4-digit-modified profiles)
name		Title desired on output. It must be enclosed in quotes.
ntable		Size of xtable (Only if dencode==0)
profile		Thickness family name, enclosed in quotes.
             	 Acceptable values are '4', '4M', '6', '6A'.
toc		Thickness-chord ratio of airfoil (fraction, not percent)
xmaxc		chordwise position of maximum camber, given as fraction of chord.
	              (Only used for two digit camber lines)
xmaxt		Chordwise location of maximum thickness, as fraction of chord.
	              ( Only used for 4-digit modified airfoils)
xorigin		X-coordinate of the leading edge of the airfoil
yorigin		Y-coordinate of the leading edge of the airfoil            
xtable		table of points (ntable values) at which the airfoil ordinates
			will be computed
